Redesign nb-tester interface (#2405)
Qiskit/documentation: scripts/nb-tester/README.md

# Qiskit documentation notebook tester

A tool to execute notebooks for testing, with certain features useful for
notebooks that run jobs on IBM Quantum backends.

## Basic usage

To use this tool, just run the `test-docs-notebooks` command, followed by a
list of notebooks you'd like to execute.

```
test-docs-notebooks path/to/notebook.ipynb path/to/another.ipynb
```

* To write the executed notebooks to disk, include the `--write` argument.
* To set a time limit for each cell, include the `--cell-timeout` argument,
  followed by the time in seconds.

## Patches

A key feature of this tool is tricking notebooks into running jobs on a
specific backend so we can test them without waiting in a queue. We do this by
monkey-patching `QiskitRuntimeService.least_busy` to return the backend of our
choosing. This technique requires notebooks always use `least_busy` to select a
backend.

A patch is just Python code that we run in the kernel before executing your
notebook's code. You can provide your own patch code, or use one of our
built-in patches.

> You specify patch information as a TOML dict string. This dict _must_ inculde a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify patch information as a TOML dict string. This dict _must_ include a
```

`patch` key, which is either a filepath to your custom patch, or the name of
one of our built-in patches (choose from `qiskit-fake-provider`,
`qiskit-ibm-runtime`, or `qiskit-fake-provider`).

```
{ patch="patch-name" }
```

To make them more flexible, the patch code can include variables inside curly
braces. If a patch includes variables, you must provide them as extra arguments
when specifying the patch. These arguments will be injected into your patch
code using `.format(**args)`. For example, here's a simplified version of our
built-in `qiskit-fake-provider` patch:

```python
# Example patch file
from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import GenericBackendV2
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import QiskitRuntimeService
QiskitRuntimeService.least_busy = lambda *_: GenericBackendV2(num_qubits={num_qubits})
```

Note the variable `{num_qubits}`. To use this patch, include the values of any
variables as extra arguments in the TOML dict.

```
{ patch="qiskit-fake-provider", num_qubits=3 }
```

There are two ways to provide patches: Through the CLI or through a config file.
You cannot use both at the same time.

> ### Set patches through the CLI

Reviewer 2: Not sure why, but looks like this line isn't rendered properly

Author: Weird, must have somehow typed a different unicode space character 😂 
I re-typed it into GitHub and that fixed it (bce4f675a2311a9a2c4738b0d01c8a9f7a6c9314)
